Move donation link (#1380)
metasearch-lab/searx: README.rst

.. figure:: https://weblate.bubu1.eu/widgets/searxng/-/multi-auto.svg
   :target: https://weblate.bubu1.eu/projects/searxng/

Make a donation
===============

> Follow the `donate <https://docs.searxng.org/donate.html>`_ link.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can support the SearXNG project by clicking on the donation page: `https://docs.searxng.org/donate.html <https://docs.searxng.org/donate.html>`_
```
